WIP - improve synopsises (#931)
cosmos/sdk-tutorials: academy/2-main-concepts/migrations.md

<HighlightBox type="synopsis">

> Ever wondered how an upgrade is done in the Cosmos SDK? Time to find out how migrations are conducted with the Cosmos SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Have you ever wondered how an upgrade is done in the Cosmos SDK? Take time to find out how Cosmos SDK migrations are conducted.
```

> The process is "orderly"; blockchains can be upgraded through a predictable process that reliably avoids forks. Discover Cosmos' comprehensive process, which includes governance, data migrations, node upgrades, and more to ensure upgrades proceed smoothly and without service disruption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The process is orderly; blockchains can be upgraded through a predictable process that reliably avoids forks. Discover the Cosmos comprehensive process that includes governance, data migrations, node upgrades, and more to ensure upgrades proceed smoothly and without service disruption.
```

> Look at the following sections to better understand this section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To better understand this section, look at the following sections :
```
